# uncmake
Very basic Bash script for removing CMake generated build files. It is designed for "out of the source" build systems.

## Installation

```bash
   $ git clone https://github.com/errmsg/uncmake.git
   $ cd uncmake
   $ make install
```

## Out of the Source Build
CMake generates a lot files. It can be frustrating when you want to remove and recreate these files. For this reason,
it is recommended that you create a directory just for the CMake generated files. I usually name this directory as "build".
After you create the build directory, you can change directory and run CMake (as below). This is handy because you seperate the
build files from source files.   

In source root directory,
```bash
   $ mkdir build
   $ cd build
   $ cmake ..
```

For some reason, you may want to recreate these files. So first you need to delete each file in directory build. Then re-run the CMake.

In build directory,
```bash
   $ rm -r *
   $ cmake ..
```
But this method could be dangerous since you may delete the files that are not CMake generated by accident (I did it couple of times :)).
So instead of this method you can use uncmake.

In build directory,
```bash
   $ uncmake
   $ cmake ..
```
uncmake will check if you're on the build directory (hard-coded in sricpt file) and remove the files. If uncmake doesn't find any CMake related files, it will not remove any file. uncmake (with "the out of the source" method) will ensure that you won't accidently delete files that are not CMake generated.   

## Usage
uncmake is very simple to use. Just change directory to build and run uncmake.

In build directory,
```bash
   $ uncmake
```

## WARNING!
I only tested in OS X.

## Notes
If you find any bug please feel free to send me a pull request.
Hope you enjoy :)

## License
MIT
